Hi, guys, in this lesson we're going to cover using bucket policies and user policies or user policies
are the I Am policies that we create and attached to our users.
Now there are a couple of things that you're going to need to set up.
Firstly, you need a second user account.
I've got one cool pool.
You can call this use of whatever you want.
Now that user will need management console access, at this stage, the user should not be in any groups
so effectively that user does not have any permissions.
Now I've logged in as that user into a private window, and that means I'm logged into my main account
with my own admin privileges in one window and then in a private window or incognito window.
I'm logged in as pool, so pull at this stage should not have any access if you go into Amazon as free.
What we should say is this you don't have any permissions to list buckets, so the user has no privileges
to ask free at this point in time.
Now we also want to add a couple of folders and some files to our bucket, so I'm going to use the same
bucket DCT cloud storage.
What we're going to do?
We're going to create a folder.
This one's going to be called department.
Just create the folder.
Then we're going to create another one.
This one's going to be called confidential and then going to go into the confidential folder.
Upload.
At files, and I'm going to choose this file confidential report so you can just create your own documents
and call them whatever you want.
So mine's called confidential reports a word document.
I'm going to upload that file, then close out of here.
Back up a level, choose the department folder, upload at files, and this time I'm going to choose
this company goes PDF.
So that's the structure set up.
Now, let's have a look at the policies that we're going to use in your course.
Download in the co-direct tree.
Amazon has free.
You're going to have this file user policies and bucket policies, and we've got some numbered items
in here.
So the first one is we're going to attach a user policy to our user, which allows that user to list
buckets.
So the privileges as on buckets and the resources, any.
So that means any IWC bucket that we have.
It's a start.
It's a wildcard.
So what I'm going to simply do is copy this code here from the opening and the closing curly braces
back in, I'm going to choose my second user account lines, call Paul and I'm going to add an inline
policy, click on the JSON tab, remove the existing code and paste my new code in.
Let's click on review.
I'm just going to call this pull in line, and then let's create the policy.
Now, don't worry about this summary here.
We're going to see what privileges this does.
Assigns a pool.
So we've attached that policy.
Let's go over to the other browser window where Paul is logged in.
So now I'm back logged in as Paul.
Let's refresh my screen here and I can now list the buckets so you can see there's an access warning
here of insufficient permissions.
All I have here is the permission to list the bucket.
So if I click on DCT cloud storage, I can't see any objects within the bucket.
I can only list the bucket level, so let's go to the next policy.
It says See root level bucket items, user policy.
So what does this one do?
So here we have to list all my pockets and get bucket location privileges.
We then have the free list bucket, which is an allow for a specific bucket name.
In this case, it was DCT policy test.
Now I need to change that from my bucket, so make sure you change this value here.
Now, the condition is that the string equals a prefix and at the limiter of slash.
So what this should do is allow us to see the items within the bucket.
So let's copy all of this code to our clipboards and then back logged in as my main user accounts.
I'm going to edit this policy.
Click on Jason, delete all the code and paste this in.
Now remember, I do need to change my bucket name here.
So back on is free with my bucket selected.
I'm going to go to properties and ayorinde.
I can copy that so my clipboard come back and I can start it and so I can replace the entire R9 here.
And let's save this policy.
Now, let's go back over to pull back.
Look, then his pull.
I'm trying to look at the objects were in my bucket.
Let's click on the refresh and you see that now I can actually see these objects.
Can I download an object?
Let's have a look, and I get an access is denied.
What about going in and looking at items in confidential?
Well, now I don't have permissions, so we're getting quite granular here in the permissions we're
assigning to this user.
Now let's move on to the next policy.
This is to view the department folder contents.
Now what you may notice is we've got a lot of the permissions here that we had in the previous policy
and then we have some additional permissions at the bottom here.
So here we have the list buckets.
We again need to replace R-N.
So let me paste my new boyfriend in.
There also has to be back up here, so make sure you do that.
Make sure you change your area.
And what this last policy statement here is going to do is allow us access to the department folder
Slashdot.
So anything within the department folder.
So let's go and copy all of this code.
I'm again going to edit the policy.
Click on Jason, delete everything out.
Paste this in.
Just as a reminder, make sure you've got the correct r.n for your bucket and then let's review policy.
And safe, so backlogged in his poll, let's refresh, but I'm trying to look in the confidential folder
here and we didn't give those permissions, so I'm not getting access.
Let's come back up to the bucket level Troy Department and we can see.
So we've now enabled this user to see right down to the objects within the department folder.
But as you saw before, we haven't given any permissions for uploading or deleting objects yet.
So the next policy here is still a user policy, and the first three of these sections are the same
as before.
And then the very last one at the bottom here allows the S3, gets objects and is free, puts objects,
actions.
Now I'm going to go.
It's my previous policy copy.
This R-N.
Let's come down.
There's going to be multiple places.
We need to put this.
As you can see as highlighted, the free places.
So let's change in all three of these locations and be careful with the last one you want to keep the
slash department slash star.
So that's it.
I should be able to copy this code.
Let's again edit our policy.
Go to Jason.
Delete this out.
Put on new code in review and save.
So back in the department folder.
Let's now see if we can download objects that works.
I can see my file downloading and I should also be able to upload objects because I gave the permission
to put objects.
So let's just choose any file and try and upload, and that's also a success.
The last policy is a bucket policy, and we need to use this in combination with policy two above.
Now let's just copy air and again, remember the run up to the name of the bucket and a copy that I'm
going to paste it over the ayorinde in my resource section of my bucket policy.
Then we need to use user policy too, so we need to go back up to policy too.
And I remember I didn't actually update this one in my file, so I'm going to update my in here as well.
Copy this code.
We're going to edit Paul's policy again.
Paste that in, and this will give the user the list level at the top of the bucket again.
So let's just save those changes if we come back to Paul, who's trying to look in the department folder
and refresh.
We should find that soon we get denied access and there we go.
That took a couple of refreshes that can sometimes take a bit of time.
So what about at the bucket level here?
And yes, we can see the objects at this level.
Now what if we go into the confidential folder?
Well, here we certainly don't have permissions because we can only see at the level above.
So coming back to the code now we need to use the bucket policy and the bucket policy is going to allow
the specific user.
So you're going to need to go and get the end of your user, which can find inside the user account
here.
Just copy the RNC, a clipboard and then paste that in.
So this principle will be allowed.
The action is free star, so any free action on the resource DCT cloud storage.
So our bucket name and then the prefix is under a condition.
So the condition is limiting this access.
So any reaction, but only on this prefix, which is the confidential folder and then slash star, which
means the objects within the folder.
The slash star indicates that the privileges are assigned to the objects within the folder as well.
So let's copy all of this and now we're going to go and add a bucket policy.
So back in this, I'm in my pocket here and under permissions.
Let's scroll down a little white and click on Edit next to bucket policy, and we're going to paste
our policy in.
And just in case you haven't updated your iPhone, you can get it easily here as well.
You can copy it and then paste it in and make sure you've got the correct Aaron.
So let's save these changes.
Come back to Paul.
Let's click on Refresh.
And now we have all access again, and we now have full permissions to the confidential folder only,
so that's how we work with user policies as well as bucket policies.
And as you can see, we can actually use them together as well.